Some other things that
make testing easier,
I don't know where I first encountered
this idea, but it's really good idea for
writing both reusable code and for
writing code that's easy to test.
It's the idea of the IO shell.
That's where you try to defer
all of the places where you're
gonna use input/output.
So these are things where you what
you're doing has kind of like
an effect on the environment.
So that might include something like
reading from a file or writing to a file,
these kinds of operations.
If you can kind of push those up to the
uppermost layer so that it's configurable,
it'll be a lot easier to run your code
in different kinds of environments.
Like a web browser, or on some other
kind of system, or kind of in a testing,
in a way where it's easy to kind
of provide synthetic inputs and
get synthetic outputs.
An example of what that might look like
is if you have a piece of code where
normally you have a module called foo.
And by default,
it uses the fs module behind the scenes.
But you also maybe don't want it to do
a bunch of stuff on your file system.
So what you can do is pass in an optional
fs argument that's like fake-fs.
And it's just in memory, for example.
This will make your
tests run a bit faster.
Although I would caution a little bit, if
you use too many of these fake libraries,
sooner or later, you're gonna hit
a bug in one of those libraries.
And then it's like you're kind of a little
bit far removed from the real system.
So it's just good to use a mix,
I would say,
of both real system calls when you can.
But sometimes it's better
to also use fake ones.